# construct3

- [assignment 2](https://hyglobalhd.github.io/construct3/assignment2/): Assignment 2 - A platformer game that have many rules, animations, and sound effects. (some of sound effect are created by me). Other assets are taken from free asset website such as itch.io 
- [assignment 3](https://hyglobalhd.github.io/construct3/assignment3/): Assignment 3 - A maze game that have many rules, animations, and sound effects. (some of sound effect are created by me). Other assets are taken from free asset website such as itch.io 
- [group assignment](https://hyglobalhd.github.io/construct3/group/): Group Assignment - The title of the developed game was "EcoGuard: Climate Crusaders" The theme of environment and climate change is highly emphasized in this video game. The game consists of three levels with different types of environment.. On each level, the player must stop all the pollution before the pollution bar hits a mark, or else it will show the world becoming bad. To help temporarily reduce the pollution bar from getting higher, the player must do their best to stop the corrupted polluter and clean the trash that the polluter throw at the ground. The player must avoid capturing unrelated citizens, or their merit bar will go down and if it hits zero, the player will be suspended as a police officer. Other assets are taken from free asset website such as itch.io 
- [FYP MySejarah](https://hyglobalhd.github.io/construct3/MySejarah/): FYP MySejarah - Final Year Project on developing a game-based learning for history subject to primary scholl especiall year 5. Other assets are taken from free asset website such as itch.io 
